Setup help (#1)
twistedstream/lets-procrastinate: README.md

Reviewer: While I understand why the purpose of the restructuring of the README, I'd like to maintain the original organization as it was since its designed to support both the local developer (who would need to install Node, etc) and the operator who just wants to try the sample using Docker. I've made a few comments in this file where I liked the specific change, but the other changes I think I'd like to hold off doing.

## Setup

> The following instructions will assume you're running the server locally. See the [Docker](#docker) section for production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions will assume you're running the server locally. See the [Docker](#docker) section for information on how to run it anywhere.
```

Chances are people won't be running this sample in a "production" environment. But they may want to fire it up in Docker somewhere so they don't have to install all of the Node tooling.

The following instructions will assume you're running the server locally. See the [Docker](#docker) section for production environments.

> ### Environment

Reviewer: Let's keep the `### Environment` section

**Prerequisites for running locally**
1. Install [Node](#node)
1. Install [dependencies](#dependencies)
1. Create a local `.env` file or rename [.sample.env](#.sample.env) to `.env`

> Export the environment variables specified in [CONFIG](./CONFIG.md). For local development, you can use a `.env` file.

Reviewer: Let's keep this description, but I like the idea of incorporating the use of the `.sample.env` file. So maybe modify the line to something like:

```
Export the environment variables specified in [CONFIG](./CONFIG.md). For local development, you can use a `.env` file, which can easily be created by copying the [.sample.env](./.sample.env) file to `.env`.
```

**Environment variables**
1. Fill in your own environment variables specified in [CONFIG](./CONFIG.md).
2. ✅ Test config correctness by running the following command at any point. 
   ```shell
   npm run schema:apply:dry-run
   ```
   

> ### Database

Reviewer: Let's keep the `### Database` section

1. Create an empty [Google Sheets spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets)

1. Follow the steps in the [Data](./CONFIG.md#data) section of CONFIG to create a Google service account and set the corresponding variables in the `.env` file
1. Share the spreadsheet with the service account so it has `Editor` access

>  ![Google Spreadsheet share](./media/share-spreadsheet_900.png)

Reviewer: Using the corrected image file name from my other comment
